Add OTLP long attributes update explanation (#20214)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-otlp-long-attributes-update.mdx

---
title: Update New Relic OTLP handling of long attributes
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

> We’re adjusting our OTLP ingest logic to be less draconian when encountering long attribute values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re adjusting our OTLP ingest logic to be less aggressive when encountering long attribute values.
```

Author: Went with: 

> We’re adjusting our OTLP ingest validation logic to be less strict when encountering long attribute values.

> We’re adjusting our OTLP ingest logic to be less draconian when encountering long attribute values.

Author: ```suggestion
We’re adjusting our OTLP ingest validation logic to be less strict when encountering long attribute values.
```
